1. make default font size 62.5%. which convert 1 rem to 10px . so we can easily use rem all over paddding, margin , height , width,font size ...

2. use max-width instead of width for container and for responsive  design(desktop first)

3. use inset property in box shadow for inner show in elenemtn.

4. make seprate class for margin in button like margin-right-sm and give important because we use in multiple side so we  requried in some places.

5. we required only one propery height or width in images .broser automatic get another size. but in display:flex in saffari there is bug so use both property in display:flex in images.

6. for image overlap use negative margin.


7.main is new html5 semantic element. which is use for nor repetative content in diff page. like header and footer is same in all page.  so we should not put in main element. section is differnt in all pages so we 

8. we genrally not give height to the header. but if want to sticky navbar than give height. otherwise it's takes automatically from content.


9.<section>
    <div class="continer">
     code here...
    
    </div>

</section>

means give background colot to the section and give max-widtn and padding  to contaiener.so backgrond color remain all the width of screen. 

10. grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr 1fr and repeat(3,1fr)

11. hero section is wider than other for better visula effect. in out project other part width is 120rem but hero has width 130 rem . so we not use reusable grid in hero section.

12.there should be only one h1 element in all page
13. img tag does't have child element. so we can not use sudo element like img::before or img::after in img element.

14.gap-row and gap-column seprate proptery  availbale in grid.

15. step-img-box::before  here width 60% workinh but height is not working so use padding-bottom:60% .

16. in image greyscale property, briteness, blur are important property . so please check that. we can make color ful image in gray and in hover we make colorful like in logos section.

17.  if you want to style icon than height , width with font size, color,stroke, fill for color. try with diff property

18. use shadow in cards

19. if div containe image than border-radiour is not visible due to image. so give overflow:hidden in div container to hide image overflow at border and to visible border-radius.


20. suppose you add border bottom and remove on hover than we want to remove on hover. suppose we do  border:none than it's remvoe from html so space is reduce in layout. so instead of border:none use border: 2px(same as before) solid transperent.

21. border: 1px solid currenColor takes automatic current text color so no need to require extra color  in border if both color is same.

22. for visula hierky , always make sure header is bigger and contner smaller than header and other size according to content . also make some data bold or strong and give another color for better visual hierky.

23. grid-template-column: 55fr 45fr ; we alsoo use like this as percentage to seprate accoording to percentage.

24. See how label added in pricing section. give ::after sudo selector and give position to top:0 and right:0 .than transform:roate(45deg). add padding to accurate position.

25. if one section container multiple grid than it's we required that margin-bottom in element except last element. so use .grid:not(:last-element)  and set margin-bottom what we reuqired.


26. if you want to override some margin than use genral-margin-class so because it has important key word so it's ovderide every margin or any other property

27. if div container background only than it's not containe any other thing. so from html side div is empty. so to put extra inforomation so other user can understand  , put role="img" and aria-label='write discription of image'


28. in form input,button,select all is not automaticaally inherit fontfamily also color. so use font-family:inherit for that.

29.cat-form input::placeholder for desing place holder

30. if we eneter tab than outline of button of a link is highlited . so remove outline:none in *:focus sudo selector by using this. but after this user pressing tab than he/she will not find where is cursor . so it's better to give some border or  give box-shadow.

31. rem and em size 62.5 %, which we curerntly set is not work in  media query means default size is not 10px but it's 16 px event if we set 62.5%.(only inside (max-width:<here>))

32. use max-width in desktop first responsive design.

33. transition will not work in display:none. so opacity:0. but if use press tab than still link willl be focus so make sure we do unclickable link by pointer-evet:none and also set visibility:hidden.

34.overflow-x:hidden only working if nothing is absolutly position relative to body.

35. put overflow x hidden in both html and body while if you required in navigatoin toggle button.

36. if you use script in head and not use defer. than script will load before html and js will not work because all taraget element is null. so use script at the end of body of use defer in head .

37. suppose if you want to make navigation sticky than you reuqired to make position abouslte. but issue is that, abosute comes out of docs and change all element postion. so we reqriued magin-top of next elemtn of same height .to add this type by js we require toggle stickry class. so in desing add sticky in body only and remove that only. all other thing should be mange from css. like in css .stycky .navigation{<write css>} and for margin .stucky .respective-div{give margin here}.
so by this margin and positioni apply only when stciky class exists. 

38. we can implement smooth scroll using scroll-behaviour:smooth. but this is not possible in safari browser.

39. flexbox gap property is missing in some safari browser. so  paster code to fix from browser

40. smooth ScrollTo and scrollIntoView( ) not working in some safari browser . so use   <script defer src="https://unpkg.com/smoothscroll-polyfill@0.4.4/dist/smoothscroll.min.js"></script> for smooth scrolling.

41.backdrop-filter property for css. some propery is entirely not supported by browser, some requried webkit prefix..


42. see lightbox use
43.meta data is use for additinnal data of our website in our browser.

44. diff favcon should be use .like user can added in home screen in android or iphone. so use multiple favicon.

45. for apple device favicon should be 180px . for android device menifest.menifest file required for favcon icon.
